JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight: The
FBI announces
it will review a new batch of
e-mails related
to Hillary Clinton's handling of
classified
information, while Donald
Trump's campaign
funds dwindle.
Then: giving power back to
sexual assault
survivors -- one woman's fight
to change the
laws and advocate for survivors
around the
nation.
AMANDA NGUYEN, President and
Founder, Rise:
Rape is notorious for being
under-reported,
and it's because survivors are
faced with
a system that is stacked so high
against them.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Plus: preserving
the last great
wilderness.
In a landmark agreement among
nations, Antarctica's
Ross Sea becomes the world's
largest marine
sanctuary.
And it's two Fridays before the
election.
Mark Shields and David Brooks
analyze a full
week of news.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Call it an
October surprise.
Today's FBI statement about
Hillary Clinton's
e-mails roiled the presidential
race, just
11 days before the election.
Donald Trump pounced.
The Clinton camp demanded more
information.
Lisa Desjardins begins our
coverage.
LISA DESJARDINS: Hillary Clinton
landed in
Cedar Rapids, Iowa to campaign,
but was greeted
by the news that the FBI is
reviewing newly
found e-mails linked the private
server she
used as secretary of state.
In a letter to congressional
chairmen, FBI
Director James Comey said: "An
unrelated investigation
turned up e-mails that appear
pertinent to
the Clinton case."
He said he agreed with his team
to allow investigators
to review the e-mails and
determine whether
they contain classified
information, as well
as assess their importance.
The candidate herself didn't
respond to shouted
questions, and didn't address it
at her rally,
sticking with her stump speech.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
Everyone working across the
state are going
to make sure that we win Iowa.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: Clinton's
campaign chairman
did send out a statement this
afternoon calling
the timing of the announcement
extraordinary
and urging the FBI to give more
details about
the e-mails in question,
stressing that it's
not clear if these e-mails are
significant.
In Manchester, New Hampshire:
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
That I heard this 10 minutes
ago.
LISA DESJARDINS: The news was
certainly significant
to Donald Trump.
DONALD TRUMP: We must not let
her take her
are criminal scheme into the
Oval Office.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
DONALD TRUMP: I have great
respect for the
fact that the FBI and the
Department of Justice
are now willing to have the
courage to right
the horrible mistake that they
made.
LISA DESJARDINS: This the same
day that Clinton
hoped to focus on other areas,
like debuting
a new television ad featuring
President Obama.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
These last eight years is on the
ballot.
LISA DESJARDINS: And the Clinton
camp had
good news on the fund-raising
front, as Donald
Trump faced new money questions,
especially
about his repeated pledges to
personally finance
his campaign, like this from two
days ago.
DONALD TRUMP: I will have over
$100 million
in the campaign.
And I'm prepared to go much more
than that.
LISA DESJARDINS: But new
fund-raising reports
show the total Trump personally
donated to
the campaign was $56 million as
of just over
a week ago.
His contributions dropped in
October to a
total of $31,000 for the first
three weeks
of this month.
What might matter more is how
much Trump's
campaign has on hand.
It's $16 million according to
the report.
That compares with $62 million
in Hillary
Clinton's war chest.
Today, Trump said he is writing
a $10 million
check to his campaign.
That is a big boost, but it
still leaves a
more than 2-1 money gap.
Meanwhile, key Senate races are
winding up
with a contentious New Hampshire
Senate debate
last night and a headline-making
face-off
in Illinois.
Democratic Congresswoman and
Iraq War veteran
Tammy Duckworth had spoken of
her family's
history of military service
going back to
the Revolutionary War.
That prompted this from
incumbent Republican
Mark Kirk:
SEN.
MARK KIRK (R), Illinois: I had
forgotten that
your parents came all the way
from Thailand
to serve George Washington.
LISA DESJARDINS: Duckworth's
mother is a Thai
immigrant.
Her father's family does go back
to the nation's
founding.
Kirk later apologized.
With a week-and-a-half left, the
twists and
turns of campaign 2016 keep
coming.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: In the day's
other news: The
U.S. Supreme Court announced
today that it
will take up the issue of
transgender rights
for the first time.
The justices accepted a case
from Virginia.
It involves a transgender teen
who was barred
from using the boys bathroom at
a high school.
A lower court has ordered the
school board
to accommodate the student.
The secretary of the interior
says she's -- quote
-- "profoundly disappointed"
with the acquittals
in Oregon's wildlife refuge
takeover.
Secretary Sally Jewell says
she's concerned
that it will damage the security
and management
of public lands.
Seven defendants were charged
with conspiracy
after they occupied the refuge
for 41 days.
They say yesterday's verdict
vindicates their
claims of federal overreach.
SHAWNA COX, Defendant: We have
to say we are
so grateful for the patriots and
for those
jurors who spent their time.
And we know it's a great
sacrifice, and we
are so grateful.
We are in tears because we were
so happy that
they heard the truth and they
didn't -- and
they weren't intimidated enough
that they
did come back with the right
judgment.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The group's
leader, Ammon Bundy,
is being held on other charges
from a 2014
Nevada standoff.
His lawyer also faces charges
after yelling
at the judge yesterday to
release Bundy.
U.S. Marshals used a stun gun to
subdue him
in court.
The U.S. economy surged ahead in
the year's
third quarter by the most in two
years.
Commerce Department numbers
today show the
gross domestic product increased
at an annual
rate of 2.9 percent.
That's twice the growth rate in
the second
quarter.
In Syria, opposition fighters
launched a new
offensive today, pushing back
against the
government's siege of the city
of Aleppo.
The rebels, including some
Islamist militants,
attacked the western half of the
city, the
side controlled by government
troops.
State media said the military
repelled the
attack.
Later, the office of Russian
President Vladimir
Putin said that he has decided
against resuming
airstrikes on Aleppo.
The war in Yemen may be taking a
sharp new
turn.
Overnight, Shiite rebels fired a
ballistic
missile deep into neighboring
Saudi Arabia,
which backs the Yemeni
government.
Saudi officials say the missile
was intercepted
about 40 miles outside the holy
Muslim city
of Mecca.
The rebels claim the actual
target was the
international airport at Jiddah
northwest
of Mecca.
The United Nations warns that
Islamic State
fighters in Iraq are using tens
of thousands
of civilians as human shields in
the battle
for Mosul.
Iraqi troops have been closing
in on the city.
And U.N. officials said today
that,as the
militants retreat, they're
forcing men, women
and children to go with them.
RAVINA SHAMSADANI, Spokeswoman,
United Nations
High Commissioner for Human
Rights: ISIL's
depraved, cowardly strategy is
to attempt
to use the presence of civilian
hostages to
render certain points, areas or
military forces
immune from military operations,
effectively
using tens of thousands of
women, men and
children as human shields.
Many of those who refused to
comply were shot
on the spot.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The U.N.
estimates ISIS killed
more than 200 civilians on
Wednesday alone.
There is new unrest in Pakistan:
Anti-government
protesters fought with police
today in Islamabad
and other cities.
Crowds threw rocks, and officers
answered
with batons and tear gas.
Several people were arrested,
but the street
clashes eased at nightfall.
The protesters are demanding
that Prime Minister
Nawaz Sharif step down over
corruption charges.
It is the deadliest incident yet
in the Philippines'
drug war.
Police in a southern province
killed a mayor
and nine of his men in a
shoot-out today.
Hours earlier, outspoken
President Rodrigo
Duterte declared thousands more
may die in
the drug war.
He also said that he's going to
stop swearing
because God spoke to him and
warned him to
mend his ways.
Back in this country, the death
of a two-star
U.S. Army general just two days
before he
was to assume command of the
Space and Missile
Defense Command has been ruled a
suicide.
Major General John Rossi was
found dead at
his home at Redstone Arsenal,
Alabama, in
July.
He's the first general officer
to take his
own life since record-keeping
began in 2000.
Military suicides have risen in
recent years,
but an Army statement shed no
light on Rossi's
motive.
On Wall Street, the Dow Jones
industrial average
lost eight points to close at
18161.
The Nasdaq fell nearly 26, and
the S&P 500
fell six.
For the week, the Dow gained a
faction, the
Nasdaq fell more than 1 percent,
and the S&P
dropped seventh-tenths of a
percent.
And Bob Dylan will accept the
Nobel Prize
for Literature after all.
He had not been heard from since
the prize
was announced two weeks ago.
But, today, the Nobel Foundation
said that
Dylan has now called to say he
-- quote -- "appreciates
the honor" and accepts.
No word yet on whether he will
attend the
award ceremony in December.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
the FBI's
review of new e-mails linked to
Hillary Clinton;
the tight race for president in
unexpected
battleground states; efforts to
stop rape
kits from being destroyed; and
much more.
We return to today's revelation
that the FBI
will review newly discovered
e-mails connected
to Hillary Clinton's handling of
classified
information.
To help us unpack what we know
is Devlin Barrett,
reporter with The Wall Street
Journal.
Devlin, welcome back to the
"NewsHour."
So, where did these e-mails come
from?
DEVLIN BARRETT, The Wall Street
Journal: I'm
told that these e-mails were
found on a personal
laptop that was shared by a key
Clinton aid,
Huma Abedin, and her then
husband -- they
are now separated -- Anthony
Weiner, who is
a former congressman.
The backstory here is that Mr.
Weiner is under
investigation for allegedly
sexting with potentially
an underaged girl.
And so they looked at that
laptop as part
of that investigation and found
a whole slew
of e-mails that -- some of
which, I'm told,
include Ms. Abedin's having work
discussions
on e-mail.
And now they have to go through
these thousands
of e-mails to see if any of them
might contain
classified or any other
information that the
investigators would consider
instructive to
the e-mail investigation.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, it's
thousands of e-mails?
Is that what they're saying?
DEVLIN BARRETT: Well, right.
There's thousands of e-mails on
the laptop,
I'm told, but they have to go
through and
figure out how many of those are
her work
discussions.
And that number, I'm told,
hasn't been calculated
yet.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But this
investigation into
Hillary Clinton's confidential
e-mails has
been going on for some time.
They're just now looking at this
particular
laptop?
DEVLIN BARRETT: Right.
I'm told investigators in the
original Clinton
e-mail investigation were not
aware of this
device being used for any State
Department
work discussions at the time
they did that
investigation.
I'm told that the FBI
essentially only realized
that they had possession of
these work discussions,
these e-mail work discussions
earlier this
week.
So, there's been, frankly, a bit
of a scramble
in the FBI in the last few days
to, one, figure
out what they have and then
figure out what
to do about it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, as we say,
this happens
11 days before the presidential
election?
This has to do with one of the
two nominees
for president.
Did the FBI say anything to you
about the
timing of this and whether that
affected their
decision?
DEVLIN BARRETT: They're not
saying anything
publicly.
What I'm told is that they
considered the
possibility of just reviewing
the material
and then telling just -- and
then Congress
later.
I think the decision they came
to, though,
was that they'd rather take
whatever grief
they're going to take for saying
this now
than be accused after the
election of having
held it back, having sat on
something important,
and wait until the election was
over to tell
people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, so we have
the chairman
of Hillary Clinton's campaign
and a number
of others saying, we want to see
what that
is; it's not fair...
DEVLIN BARRETT: Right.
JUDY WOODRUFF: ... that you're
announcing
you're doing this without
letting us see what's
there.
What do they say to that?
DEVLIN BARRETT: Well, right.
And I think the challenge for
both campaigns
is that they get to talk to this
without knowing
what the underlying facts are.
But, frankly, it's not -- from
my understanding,
is that the FBI doesn't really
know what the
underlying facts are yet.
That's what they're trying to
figure out.
So, I think, frankly, it is
going to be a
political football for the rest
of this time,
and it's obviously politically a
very big
deal.
What no one knows -- and I
suspect not even
the FBI really knows at this
point -- is,
is it a big deal legally?
Does it have a legal
consequence?
It will almost certainly have a
political
consequence, but it's not clear
at all yet
if this will have a legal
consequence.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And how long do
they think
this is going to take to go
through these
e-mails?
DEVLIN BARRETT: Well, there's
two steps.
First, you have to figure out,
OK, find the
universe of work e-mails.
Then you have to figure out, OK,
is any of
the information classified?
Classification reviews can take
weeks or months.
So, if there are things that are
potentially
classified, we may not know that
for months.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, they are
going -- they
have already begun the process,
is that right,
of going through what's on this
laptop.
DEVLIN BARRETT: Right.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And who's doing
the work?
DEVLIN BARRETT: Well, it's the
FBI investigators.
It's the folks who did the
original e-mail
investigation.
And they're now going through.
And one thing they don't know is
how many
of the e-mails on that laptop
are possibly
copies of e-mails they have
already seen earlier
in the investigation?
JUDY WOODRUFF: Where she might
have copied
herself or copied...
(CROSSTALK)
DEVLIN BARRETT: Right, if there
is e-mails
between two people, those
e-mails exist on
two computers.
So maybe what they have is a lot
of copies.
But they to figure that out.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, it
certainly has opened
up a whole new set of questions
as we get
closer to Election Day.
Devlin Barrett with The Wall
Street Journal,
thank you.
DEVLIN BARRETT: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: While it's too
soon to tell
what the impact of today's
revelation will
be on the presidential race,
there are plenty
of other dynamics to drill down
on.
Here to discuss how the campaign
is playing
out in some of the states where
it matters
most, we're joined by Andra
Gillespie.
She's a professor of political
science at
Emory University in Atlanta.
Emily Ramshaw, she's editor in
chief of The
Texas Tribune in Austin.
And Paul Steinhauser, he's
political director
for NH1 in Manchester, New
Hampshire.
And we welcome all of you to the
program.
I'm going to start with you,
Emily, by asking
where the race stands in the
state of Texas.
And I'm doing that because I
can't believe
that Texas is actually in play
in this election
year, because, what, Mitt Romney
won four
years ago by how many points?
EMILY RAMSHAW, Editor in Chief,
The Texas
Tribune: Close to 18 percentage
points.
It's really a fascinating case
right now.
We are, in theory, within the
margin of error.
Polling shows that Hillary
Clinton is trailing
Donald Trump here by 3
percentage points.
Early voting turnout here has
been through
the roof in almost every major
county.
For the first time in my career
covering Texas,
Texas is actually, in theory, in
play for
Democrats.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Andra Gillespie,
we have asked
you to look at three states for
us that are
in play, where you are right
now, Georgia,
which is a place, again, you
wouldn't expect
Democrats would have a shot.
What does it look like right now
in Georgia?
ANDRA GILLESPIE, Emory
University: So, right
now, the polls have Donald Trump
ahead, but
his lead is within the
statistical margin
of error.
Again, this is something that
nobody would
have expected in a normal
presidential election
year, but, of course, this year
has been every
-- anything but normal.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what about
Florida, which
you're also looking at?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: So, in Florida,
it's also
still statistically died.
It's a little bit mixed.
Going into this week, a lot of
prognosticator
have started to put Florida in
the lead-Clinton
category, but there's been a
couple of polls
that have put Donald Trump up.
But, again, these leads are
narrow leads and
statistically they're within the
margin of
error, so we can say nothing
other than the
fact that they're tied right
now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And we're hearing
today that
Hillary Clinton is going to
spending much
of the weekend in Florida, in
Daytona Beach
and Miami.
And, Andra, let me ask you, what
about North
Carolina?
That's a state where both of
these campaigns
have practically been living for
the last
few weeks.
ANDRA GILLESPIE: So, this is
also a hotly
contested state.
And it's started to trend toward
Clinton.
But, again, we're talking about
these razor-thin
margins that are within the
statistical margin
of error.
Right now, people have started
to look at
North Carolina as a must-win
state for Donald
Trump if he hopes to be able to
amass 270
Electoral College votes.
And so, for that reason, Hillary
Clinton yesterday
brought Michelle Obama in to try
to shore
up support there to make sure
that she keeps
that in the lean-Clinton
category.
But, again, it's still
statistically too close
to call.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Paul
Steinhauser, you
are in New Hampshire, where
Donald Trump was
today.
How's it looking there?
PAUL STEINHAUSER, NH1 News
Network: Well,
I think you could say Donald
Trump is one
happy dude today.
He broke the news about the
e-mail investigation
by the FBI at this rally.
Overall, though, Judy, it's
getting tighter
here in New Hampshire.
A new poll out today shows a
three-point edge
for Clinton.
If you average all the polls
over the last
week, it's only five points for
Clinton.
That's one reason you keep
seeing Donald Trump
back here, three times this
month.
He's been seven times since the
Republican
Convention, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let's talk
about why
these races are shaping up the
way they are.
Emily Ramshaw, in Texas, what is
driving voters?
I'm sure you have talked to
some.
Your reporters have talked to
them.
What is motivating them this
year?
EMILY RAMSHAW: Well, what is
really motivating
them is the polarization of this
race.
You're seeing huge turnout in
communities
with large Latino populations,
with a lot
of women turning out to the
polls, saying
they're just outraged by Donald
Trump's comments
about women.
At the same time, you're seeing
record turnout
in really strong Republican
parts of the state,
where folks are just determined
to ensure
that Hillary Clinton doesn't get
elected.
So, really, you're seeing just
incredible
polarization and anger and
outrage and excitement
on both sides.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And what about --
Emily, staying
with you, what about in the
Latino community?
How is that breaking down?
EMILY RAMSHAW: The Latinos in
Texas are considered
the sleeping giant.
They are largely
Democratic-leaning when they
are inspired to the polls, but
they're very
difficult to get to the polls.
And I think, so far, what we
have seen from
early voting turnout, normally,
you vote early
in Texas to avoid the lines.
And there have been incredible
lines in the
first five days of early voting,
particularly
in a lot of these strongly
Latino communities,
even on the border and in El
Paso.
So that would suggest that a lot
of these
Latinos are being spurred to the
polls.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Andra
Gillespie, again,
we have asked you to take on
three states.
But let's take them one by one.
In Georgia, the fact that
Hillary Clinton
is even in contention there, how
do you explain
it?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: Well, I think
it's a number
of factors.
I think it's, one, just the
polarizing candidacy
of Donald Trump, which has
divided the Republican
Party and perhaps dampened
enthusiasm among
some segments of the Republican
population,
particularly suburban white
college-educated
women.
We also have a growth in voter
registration
amongst Latino and
Asian-American voters.
And we expect that, given Donald
Trump's immigration
rhetoric, that that -- those
groups are going
to trend Democratic.
We have also seen efforts in the
Democratic
Party to do party building to
make sure that
they identify likely Democratic
voters in
the state in an attempt to try
to get them
to register to vote as well.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let's jump
down to Florida,
where we know it's a very
different demographic
dynamic.
The Latino vote there has been
significant.
What role is it playing this
year?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: So, I think,
this year, all
eyes are going to be on the
Orlando area in
particular.
So, we know that, in South
Florida, Cuban
Americans have historically
trended Republican
in presidential elections, and
so the Latino
population in the state of
Florida is diversifying.
So, you're looking at Puerto
Ricans in particular
who might be leaving the
economic woes of
the island to come straight to
the mainland.
And they can register to vote.
They're U.S. citizens.
So, we could be seeing a
different type of
Latino electorate, one that
would be disinclined
to support Donald Trump for
president, and
again the same national
pressures, with Donald
Trump having alienated many
women, having
alienated African-Americans.
And this might drive up turnout
for Hillary
Clinton amongst these segments
of the electorate.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Andra, in
both Florida
and North Carolina, what kind of
an organization
do these two campaigns, Clinton
and Trump,
have?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: So, Donald
Trump has relied
on the RNC to do a lot of the
GOTV work and
hasn't really laid the same type
of campaign
infrastructure that Hillary
Clinton has.
And this could be the difference
between winning
and losing this time around.
So, we know that Clinton has
more campaign
offices.
We know that she has more paid
staff.
And these people are in place to
help direct
the GOTV operations that are in
place now
to get people to the polls for
early voting
and in particular to get them
out on Election
Day.
So, this is not to say that the
Trump campaign
isn't organizing, but some of
this is being
in a more decentralized fashion.
It becomes a question of whether
not that
decentralization can actually
yield the same
type of high-impact voter
turnout that we
know a classic shoe-leather
campaign can.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Paul Steinhauser,
coming back
to you, you alluded to this a
minute ago,
but what is driving voters this
year in New
Hampshire?
Is it the same sort of
polarization we're
seeing in these other states?
PAUL STEINHAUSER: Yes, we're not
that different
than the rest of the country.
And I think you're seeing the
same trends
up here that you're seeing
elsewhere.
We get a lot more campaign
traffic.
Obviously, we get two bites at
the apple.
We saw all the candidates in the
primary as
well.
And, Judy, we're a little
old-school up here.
We don't have early voting, so
it's November
8 for us.
And it's all about the
grassroots outreach,
the get-out-the-vote efforts
here.
It's about the door-knocks and
it's about
the phone calls.
And as in the other states, the
Trump campaign
is a little stronger here, I
think.
They have had a little longer to
put their
organization together.
But, still, the Clinton campaign
has the bigger
get-out-the-vote effort than the
Trump campaign
here in New Hampshire, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Let me just
quickly touch base
with all three of you with this
question.
Emily, to you first.
How much is undecided, would you
say, or still
-- people who may still change
their minds
in Texas?
EMILY RAMSHAW: You know, I
think, at this
point, most folks' minds are
already made
up.
You saw Clinton playing late
here in the game.
She started advertising just a
little bit
in Texas, which was unheard of
for a Democrat
in the presidential race.
She's opened some offices here.
But I think, by this point in
the game, most
people really know where they're
voting.
And, again, early voting turnout
has been
so high that records may not be
broken on
Election Day itself.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, Andra
Gillespie, again,
three states, Georgia, Florida,
North Carolina,
what would you say about minds
not quite made
up?
ANDRA GILLESPIE: So, I think
that at, this
point, it's not so much about
persuasion as
it is about mobilization.
And so, given the turn in news
events, whether
it's tapes or whether it's
e-mails, that's
fodder for campaigns to go out
and try to
reach their targeted groups of
people.
So, if they have done the hard
work of identifying
voters and banking those votes,
now it's just
a question of getting those
voters out to
the polls.
So, changes in the news cycle
probably aren't
going to change folks' minds at
this point.
A lot of that's already baked
in.
And I think a lot of that is
being reflected
in the numbers of people who
have turned out
for early voting.
We will wait to see whether this
is a harbinger
of record turnout or it's a
harbinger of people
having made up their minds
already.
But I think this race really
does come down
to who is best equipped to be
able to get
their people out to the polls
between now
and November 8.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in just a
couple of seconds,
Paul, minds not made up, big
percentage or
not?
Small percentage?
PAUL STEINHAUSER: Very small
percentage here,
same story.
Minds are pretty much made up.
And it's all about getting out
the base, not
only in the presidential race,
but in our
blockbuster U.S. Senate race as
well, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Which we didn't
have a chance
to talk to, but we will be in
one of these
coming days before election.
Paul Steinhauser, Emily Ramshaw,
Andra Gillespie,
thank you very much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up, there's much more
politics on the
"NewsHour," as Mark Shields and
David Brooks
take on the week's news; the
so-called polar
Garden of Eden set to become the
world's largest
marine reserve; and a call for
designers to
make gorgeous plus-sized
clothing.
But first: how one woman's
struggle to protect
evidence in her rape case led to
the start
of a movement and now a new
federal law.
John Yang has her story.
AMANDA NGUYEN, President and
Founder, Rise:
Over and over again, I started
discovering
is a system that is so broken.
JOHN YANG: For sexual assault
survivors like
Amanda Nguyen, this small box
has the tremendous
power to deliver justice and
bring closure.
It's a rape kit.
Inside are the tools to collect
and store
the evidence to track down and
prosecute an
assailant.
AMANDA NGUYEN: Rape is notorious
for being
underreported, and it's because
survivors
are faced with a system that is
stacked so
high against them.
JOHN YANG: Amanda was assaulted
in 2013 when
she was in college in
Massachusetts.
Rape kits are automatically
destroyed in that
state after six months unless
the victim asks
for an extension.
And how do they do that?
AMANDA NGUYEN: The catch is that
there's no
information given on how to
extend it, and
the greater catch is that
there's no way to
actually extend it.
JOHN YANG: Even after she filled
out the proper
forms, the bureaucratic
confusion continued.
AMANDA NGUYEN: I found out that,
against an
extension put into place, my kit
was wrongly
removed from the forensic lab
and almost destroyed.
So, even if I have played by
their game, it
still is broken.
JOHN YANG: After that, Amanda
began asking
questions.
She learned that, in most
states, police can
legally destroy rape kits well
before the
statute of limitations runs out.
AMANDA NGUYEN: What that
literally means is
that, if I was raped in a state
that doesn't
destroy kits, like California,
Colorado, Texas,
Illinois, then this wouldn't
have happened
to me, and it's just because
Massachusetts
doesn't have those rights.
JOHN YANG: An activist was born.
AMANDA NGUYEN: I had a choice.
I could accept injustice or
rewrite the law.
And one of these things is a lot
better than
the other.
My mission is simple: Fix the
patchwork of
rights.
JOHN YANG: Amanda formed a
coalition of rape
survivors demanding a federal
bill of rights.
A Change.org petition has more
than 140,000
signatures.
Most sexual assaults are
investigated and
prosecuted under state law, but
Amanda believes
that a national standard can
serve as a model
for statehouses.
Earlier this month, that finally
became a
reality when President Obama
signed the Sexual
Assault Survivors Bill of
Rights.
It's the first time that the
term sexual assault
survivor appears in federal law.
The bill says those who've been
assaulted
should be clearly told their
legal rights,
be able to track the status and
results of
their rape kit, not pay for a
rape kit exam,
and be able to get the police
report.
SEN.
JEANNE SHAHEEN (D), New
Hampshire: The way
we met Amanda is that she just
started coming
to offices on the Hill.
JOHN YANG: To help draft the
Sexual Assault
Survivors Act, Amanda turned to
Democratic
Senator Jeanne Shaheen of New
Hampshire.
Senator, tell us, what would the
bill do?
What's in the bill?
SEN.
JEANNE SHAHEEN: Oftentimes, the
system makes
people feel like they are being
revictimized.
And so the bill is an effort to
say that survivors
of sexual assault should have
certain rights
under our criminal justice
system, and they
should know what those rights
are, and they
should be treated -- everyone
should be treated
fairly.
This is something that is
overlooked in the
law the way it exists now.
And so it was really her
advocacy and her
determination that has raised
this issue,
and gives us all of those
supporters around
the country who can help us talk
to other
senators and members of Congress
to get this
done.
JOHN YANG: Amanda's coalition is
now lobbying
state lawmakers across the
country.
Versions of the bill are pending
in several
states, including Oregon,
California and Maryland,
and has even passed in
Massachusetts.
The overall goal of the bill is
to empower
assault victims with
information.
LINDSEY SILVERBERG, Network for
Victim Recovery
of D.C.: It's so scary, it's so
overwhelming
to walk into a hospital to not
have any idea
really about what is going to
happen.
JOHN YANG: MedStar Washington
Hospital Center
in the District of Columbia
offers every patient
requesting a rape kit exam a
forensic nurse
specially trained to conduct
those exams and
a sexual assault advocate like
Lindsey Silverberg.
She's there to provide victims
with legal
and emotional support.
LINDSEY SILVERBERG: One of the
benefits of
having an advocate, with
somebody in the exam
room and then following up after
with them,
is that, if they decide to then
engage law
enforcement after the forensic
exam is over,
they have somebody who can walk
them through
that system.
And we have seen an increase in
the number
of people who have decided to
report to law
enforcement after an exam, once
they have
all the information about what
that looks
like.
JOHN YANG: But, in many states,
full-time
professional advocates like
Lindsey don't
exist.
LINDSEY SILVERBERG: Access to
competent, well-trained
individuals, both an advocate
and a forensic
nurse, is not the national
standard at the
moment.
JOHN YANG: Amanda continues to
champion the
rights of the estimated 25
million sexual
assault survivors nationally.
She is cheered by unexpected
encounters like
this one with an Uber driver on
one of her
many rides to Capitol Hill.
AMANDA NGUYEN: He didn't talk to
me the entire
ride, but he saw I was going to
the Senate.
So, he asked me.
And I told him the reason why
and what I was
fighting for.
And this man who I would never
met before,
who was once intimidating,
started crying.
Like, just -- tears just welled
up in his
eyes.
And he turned to me and he said:
"My daughter
is a rape survivor.
And when she went to the system,
they didn't
treat her right."
And when we arrived at the
Senate, he stopped
and said: "Can I shake your
hand?
Thank you so much for fighting
for my daughter."
JOHN YANG: For the "PBS
NewsHour," I'm John
Yang in Washington.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now: a major
agreement on ocean
conservation today.
Dozens of nations created the
world's largest
marine reserve at the bottom of
the globe.
William Brangham has the story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Twenty-four
countries and
the European Union agreed today
to set aside
600,000 square miles of ocean.
The newly protected zone is in
the Ross Sea,
which borders Antarctica.
Most commercial fishing will be
banned in
this area, though researchers
will be allowed
to take limited samples.
The protection will take effect
starting December
2017, and will continue for 35
years.
For more on what this means, and
how it came
to be, I am joined by Karen
Sack.
She's managing director of
conservation organization
Ocean Unite.
Welcome.
KAREN SACK, Managing Director,
Ocean Unite:
Thank you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Nice to be
reporting on
some good news.
KAREN SACK: It's fantastic to be
talking about
some really unprecedented news
for the ocean.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Tell us, how
important is
this?
KAREN SACK: This is truly a
seminal event
in international ocean
governance.
It's the first time that
countries around
the world are coming together to
agree not
to take fish or other species
out of the water,
but to leave them in, and to
leave them in
for a good long period of time.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, what
species in particular
are we protecting here with this
preserve?
KAREN SACK: Well, the Ross Sea
is known as
a Garden of Eden in the ocean,
or sometimes
called the ocean's Serengeti.
There are 16,000 species that
live there,
from seals, whales, penguins, of
course.
Commercially, the species that
is caught there
is called Antarctic toothfish.
It's known in the United States
as Chilean
sea bass.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So, when we
think of these
preserves normally being done,
we think of
them being done by individual
nations within
their own territorial waters.
But this one is quite different.
KAREN SACK: It is.
It's because the Antarctic and
the Southern
Ocean around it is governed
collectively by
a group of countries under the
Antarctic Treaty
System.
And the system actually came
into being at
the height of the Cold War,
where countries
set aside their differences and
agreed to
govern the Antarctic as a place
for peace
and science.
That governance is now extending
into the
ocean.
And about five years ago, the
countries agreed
to begin to work together to
establish marine
reserves and protected areas.
And the Ross Sea is the first
big one that
they have managed to agree to.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I understand
also that Russia
needed to be cajoled to putting
its name on
this agreement.
KAREN SACK: Well, part of the
difficulty and
why this is such a significant
agreement is
that decisions are made by
consensus, which
means that all of those 24
countries and the
European Union have to agree to
a decision
going forward.
For several years, Russia and
China were not
supportive of establishing a
protective area.
There was very high-level
engagement from
the Obama administration.
We believe that President Obama
actually discussed
this issue with President Xi in
China, and
that shifted the Chinese
position.
Over the last 18 months,
Secretary Kerry has
really worked incredibly hard
with his counterparts
in New Zealand and around the
world, working
with Minister Lavrov of Russia.
And it was just earlier this
week, we understand,
that we managed to reach
agreement on this
issue.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: It was that
touch and go?
KAREN SACK: It was that close.
Several of us were planning for
maybe another
year of negotiation.
And it is just fantastic that we
managed to
get to this point, and is a
testament to the
ability of multinationalism to
work, even
when there are incredibly
difficult issues
on the global agenda at the
moment.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: We said at the
beginning
this is a 35-year period of time
where this
space will be protected.
Is that long enough?
KAREN SACK: Well, no, it isn't.
And, in fact, this was one of
the big sticking
points for Russia, how long the
area should
be protected for.
The science shows that
marine-protected areas
should be in place without a
limit in their
duration.
We believe, though, that these
35 years will
provide the marine life in the
Antarctic and
the Ross Sea area the ability to
show us all
just how amazing it is and will
convince everyone
sitting at that table 35 years
from now to
continue protecting this
unbelievably iconic
and special ocean area.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: All right,
Karen Sack, thank
you so much for being here.
KAREN SACK: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Back to politics
now, and to
the analysis of Shields and
Brooks.
That's syndicated columnist Mark
Shields and
New York Times columnist David
Brooks.
Welcome, gentlemen.
Mark.
(LAUGHTER)
MARK SHIELDS: Hi.
Hello, Judy, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right, we
have a moment
of levity before we talk about
something very
serious, David.
And that is this announcement
from the FBI
that they have a new batch of
e-mails from
a laptop that belongs to Hillary
Clinton's
aide Huma Abedin.
Eleven days before the election,
what -- how
much does this matter?
DAVID BROOKS: I think it
matters.
We're not going to know the
substance of it
by Election Day.
Whatever e-mails were in there,
whatever they
are investigating, it's hard to
believe we
will have some actual knowledge.
But it brings Anthony Weiner
back to the surface.
And the argument that
Republicans could make
with a lot of justices, welcome
to the next
four years of your life.
Having a reign of Clinton
without a little
-- a lot of scandal bubble
around side is
just not something we have any
historical
precedent for.
And so this is just another.
And who you hang around with and
who you associate
with is going to come back to
haunt you.
And it's almost perverse, in the
way we have
come down to sex scandals and
the way this
election has descended into the
realm of Kardashianville.
But we're here.
And so I do think a lot of
others will think,
there is just scandal on both
sides.
It's just all sleazy.
And that's not the substance of
what we have
learned today, but that's the
atmospherics
of it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What effect do
you think this
is going to have?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, first of
all, it will
have a long-term effect on
politics, I think.
And that is Martin Lomasney, who
was the legendary
ward boss in Boston around the
turn of the
century and the early 20th
century, said,
never write it when you can say
it, never
say it when you can wink it, and
never wink
it when you can nod it.
I mean, the compulsion to put
all this stuff
in e-mails, I think, comes back,
is going
to haunt future campaigns.
As far as right now, for the
Clinton campaign,
it's a real kick in the teeth.
That had been resolved.
They'd gotten a clean bill of
health, or at
least a nonprosecution, by the
FBI director
90 days ago.
And to have this revisited,
especially featuring
Anthony Weiner, who doesn't have
to be introduced
to the nation, is a political
problem.
And it does just remind of the
-- and the
problems and the difficulties
that have surrounded
the family for years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, it's a
problem, even not
knowing what's in these e-mails,
which we
won't know?
DAVID BROOKS: Right.
There are two levels of media
information.
There is those of us who cover
politics a
lot and probably most people
watching our
shows, whether it's on this
channel or it's
any of the cables or the many
networks.
They have decided.
But this gets to "Entertainment
Tonight."
It gets to every comedian.
It gets to The National
Enquirer.
It gets out to the group of
people who are,
as they say, not
information-rich voters,
who are the ones who are
actually deciding.
And a lot of their decision is,
I really don't
like this Donald Trump guy, but
-- so I have
got to vote for Clinton.
But then they get this news
about Clinton.
And they're just going on their
moral instincts,
and it begins to look like
parity of sleaze.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, Mark, do you
think there
are enough people out there who
either -- they
are either undecided or they're
just persuadable
at this point, or maybe they
will stay home
and not vote?
MARK SHIELDS: I think, Judy,
that there is
no question going into this week
that the
Democrats were very much in the
saddle and
very dominant, when, in Utah,
which, in the
last 10 elections, seven times
has been the
most Republican state in the
union, in the
last week of October, the
Republicans feel
it's necessary because of the
third-party
challenge of Evan McMullin, that
they're worried
about it being a three-way race
and perhaps
losing Utah.
They send the vice presidential
candidate
all the way out there.
That tells you their playing
defense.
And right next door in Arizona,
which has
voted Republican 15 of the last
16 times,
Michelle Obama is introduced by
Barry Goldwater's
granddaughter to a crowd of
7,000, after Bernie
Sanders got -- Democrats are on
the offensive.
And then you get three things
that happened.
You get the Obamacare raise and
hikes.
You get the WikiLeaks and the
peek, the unpleasant
peek, unflattering peek anyway,
into the financial
doings of the Clinton Foundation
and Bill
-- and former President Bill
Clinton, and
then you get this.
And what does it hurt?
It hurts, Judy, the women
voters, especially
Republican women voters, who, as
David said,
had turned off of Donald Trump,
were trending
toward Hillary Clinton.
And I think younger idealistic
Sanders voters,
it may just stop them for a
second, as they
were turning to going to vote
for Hillary
Clinton, whether, gee, do I
really want to
do it?
And I think that's the problem
for Democrats.
DAVID BROOKS: And maybe we
should put in perspective.
Say, Hillary Clinton -- say, she
has an 87
percent chance of winning now.
I think this may knock her down
a point or
two, and so that may reduce her
chance of
winning to like 80 or 75.
And so I don't think it's like a
game-changer
by any stretch of the
imagination.
But a point or two, if we were
driving home
and somebody said you have a 30
percent chance
of getting into a wreck on the
way home, we
would think, that's pretty bad
odds.
And so that -- it does slightly
increase the
odds.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, you're saying
it's not
going to turn the race around,
but you're
saying it will have an effect?
MARK SHIELDS: I just think
everything was
heading in her direction, and I
think that
it maybe freezes that.
I agree it's not at this point a
game-changer,
by any means, Judy.
But if Hillary Clinton won by
five points
or more, virtually every
Republican I know
believes she will carry the
Senate.
And if, all of a sudden, it's a
three-point,
a two-point victory, it means a
couple of
things.
It means that the Senate is very
much up for
grabs and it also means that
Donald Trump
will be a factor in a very
bloody civil war
in the Republican Party after
this election.
JUDY WOODRUFF: You mean
whichever way this
goes?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, I think, if
he suffered
a real defeat, a stinging defeat
of 10 points,
or in that area, I think he
would no longer
be a major figure, because
nobody in the Republican
Party basically wants him to be
there.
But he would have a claim if he
loses by two.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, this has
clearly been a
bad week for Hillary Clinton.
David, I do want to bring up
something Mark
mentioned.
And that is, you hear not just
Democratic
women, independent women,
Republican women
saying -- and we had a
discussion about it
here on the "NewsHour" last
night -- who are
really troubled by what they
have seen in
the course of this election.
How long-lasting a problem is
that for the
Republican Party?
DAVID BROOKS: I think it's
mostly Trump-related.
Of course, there's always been a
gender gap.
But among -- it's -- for
Republicans politically,
it's sort of been manageable.
And it depends on how they
project themselves.
In some years, they have done
better.
But Donald Trump is so egregious
in the way
he talks about women, the way he
allegedly
treated women, I do think it's
more his own
thing.
And where you're seeing it
especially is among
college-educated women.
The college-educated in general
in all our
previous elections have voted
Republican,
but now they're going massively
for the Democrats.
And college-educated women, in
particular,
like 65 percent for Hillary
Clinton.
And they're turned off of Trump
both on issues,
but especially on these moral
positions, or
the moral behavior that he's
undertaken.
But I still think it's mostly a
Trump phenomenon.
If you get -- next time you get
a Mitt Romney
or somebody who's just morally
clean, I don't
think it lingers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Do you think that
that's the
way it will work, Mark?
MARK SHIELDS: No, I don't.
I think Mitt Romney is the
conspicuous exception.
Mitt Romney was the man who
stood up to Donald
Trump early, hard, never
wavered.
We have seen this
back-and-forth, Jason Chaffetz
from Utah saying, I have a
15-year-old daughter.
There's no way I could support
somebody like
him.
Now he's voting for him.
You get this back-and-forth.
I just think, Judy, I mean, the
Democrats
have tried the war against women
in the past.
It didn't really have that much
traction.
But I...
JUDY WOODRUFF: Accusing the
Republicans of...
(CROSSTALK)
MARK SHIELDS: Accusing the
Republicans waging
a war on women.
But when you have got a
candidate who basically
authors his own how-to tape on
how to assault
women for your own needs and
wants, you know,
without impunity -- with
impunity, and you
don't have that many people
stand up and say
he's unacceptable, I think it's
a stain on
the Republicans,.
And I think it could very well
be a problem,
not of the dimensions of '64 and
the Civil
Rights Act.
But I think he's not -- it's not
going to
go away in a hurry.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes.
Well, I agree it's a stain, but
I would make
a generational point here that
there is a
big difference, especially on
some of these
issues and basically on ethnic
diversity issues,
on a bunch of issues and
sensibility issues,
between older Republicans and
younger Republicans.
And what Newt Gingrich said to
Megyn Kelly,
a total insensitivity to sexual
assault, that
is just -- I don't meet too many
Republican
candidates under 45 who are that
numb and
that blind.
And I do think there's different
attitudes
growing up in the Republican
Party.
I'm struck especially among
social conservatives,
among evangelical voters.
It's very hard to find an
evangelical person
under 45, let alone on some of
the Christian
college campuses, who has any
tolerance for
Donald Trump.
Of course, they're there, but
there is such
a stark generational divide.
So, the rising group of
Republican voters
are different tonally on a lot
of these issues.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So, it's not just
evangelical
women, who we have talked about.
MARK SHIELDS: I don't disagree
with David.
But I think what's been
unleashed by this
experience, by Donald Trump and
by the women
who have come forth, I think
there's been
a spontaneous, almost public and
private confessional
of women everywhere at every
generation about
revealing to their own
daughters, to their
spouses, to their family...
JUDY WOODRUFF: About their own
experience.
MARK SHIELDS: ... about their
own experience.
And I think this is out there
now.
I mean, it really is.
And I think this is an -- it's
an issue that
was very private.
And I think now it's very much a
part of the
national agenda.
And I think there is not going
to be an unwillingness
to address this in the future,
like there
has been in the past.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And in that
connection, I will
just mention briefly, Marcia
Coyle, who is
our Supreme Court reporter...
MARK SHIELDS: Exactly.
JUDY WOODRUFF: She's a regular
on the "NewsHour"
-- reported this week for "The
National Law
Journal," a woman who just
posted on her Facebook
page, personally, something that
happened
between her and Supreme Court
Justice Clarence
Thomas.
That is now in the news.
But it goes to your point Mark
about, it's
coming forward.
Just a little bit of time before
-- I don't
want to leave everybody on a
political note
tonight, because there is
something going
on in this country that has to
do with baseball,
and it's the World Series, and
it's the Cubs
and the Indians.
These are not two teams that
have spent a
lot of time in the finals of the
Series.
So, I want to -- you two love
baseball.
So, what do you see happening?
And what do you -- you have got
to tell me
who's going to win.
Mark.
MARK SHIELDS: Well, I can't tell
you who will
win, but I will say this, Judy.
Everybody knows it's -- Teddy
Roosevelt was
president the last time the Cubs
won the World
Series, 1908.
OK?
And so the Cubs are kind of
America's darling.
I mean, everybody's rooting for
them, and
they're trendy.
They're kind of chic.
But Cleveland, Cleveland is
special.
Cleveland was the second
franchise and the
first in the American League to
desegregate
in 1948.
And, beyond that, it's taken a
lot of -- they
are the real underdogs in this
race -- I mean,
in this competition.
So, I have a very soft spot for
Cleveland.
And Jim Bouton, who wrote "Ball
Four," of
the Yankees said once that, if
you're going
to have a flying accident, you
want it on
the way into Cleveland, not the
way out.
I mean, that's a terrible thing
to say about
a city.
So, I'm rooting for them.
DAVID BROOKS: I'm appalled that
you can't
pick a side.
(LAUGHTER)
DAVID BROOKS: I think we're
morally obligated
to pick the Chicago Cubs.
I have wondering who to vote
for.
I'm writing in Kyle Schwarber,
Indiana University,
proud native, great hitter,
coming out of
the bench.
MARK SHIELDS: Great story.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Owner of the
team.
MARK SHIELDS: No.
DAVID BROOKS: No, no.
He's a -- the designated hitter.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Oh, oh, OK.
(LAUGHTER)
MARK SHIELDS: Six hundred days,
he hadn't
faced face Major League
pitching, and gets
the hit and...
DAVID BROOKS: Schwarber for
president.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All right.
Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We heard it here
first.
MARK SHIELDS: OK.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mark Shields,
David Brooks,
thank you.
And, finally, a "NewsHour"
Essay.
As we just discussed, this
presidential campaign
has raised a lot of questions
about how women
are seen and discussed.
At the end of the first debate,
Hillary Clinton
mentioned former Miss Universe
Alicia Machado.
During her reign, pageant owner
Donald Trump
repeatedly commented on Machado
for gaining
weight, just one example of size
consciousness
in our society.
Tonight, fashion guru Tim Gunn
shares a challenge
for American designers.
TIM GUNN, Fashion Consultant: To
begin, I
love the American fashion
industry, but it
has a lot of problems.
Consider this: When the actress
Leslie Jones
couldn't find anything to wear
to her "Ghostbusters"
premiere, she had to call out on
social media
to find someone to dress her.
How did that happen?
Would it surprise you to know
that the average
American woman now wears between
a size 16
and a size 18?
She is what the industry calls a
plus-size
woman, a term that I would like
to erase.
There are more than 80 million
of these women
in America, and for the past
three years,
they have increased their
spending on clothes
faster than their straight-size
counterparts.
But many designers refuse to
make clothes
for them.
They pretend that they don't
even exist.
I have spoken to many people in
the industry
about this, and the overwhelming
response
is, "I'm not interested in her."
They say the plus-size woman is
complicated,
different and difficult, and
that no two size
16s are alike.
Let's decode that.
The fashion industry works from
standards
established decades ago.
Habits are hard to break.
From the runway, to magazines,
pictures of
how clothes are supposed to
look, how women
are supposed to look, are set.
And it all revolves around
thinness.
For decades, models have trotted
down the
runway with bodies that are
completely unattainable
for most women.
Yet we have been conditioned to
think that
that's what looks good.
There is no reason why larger
women can't
look just as fabulous as all
other women.
It's a design issue, and not a
customer issue.
The key is the following: It's
the harmonious
balance of silhouette,
proportion and fit.
Right now, most plus-size
designs make the
body look larger, with box
pleats and shoulder
pads.
Trust that I'm not trivializing
the task.
It's challenging.
Designs need to be reconceived,
not just sized
up.
And done right, our clothing can
create an
optical illusion that helps us
look taller
and slimmer.
But, done wrong, we look worse
than if we
were, well, naked.
Plus-size women deserve fashion,
and they
deserve choices.
I'm not looking for solutions
from high-end
designers, because it's a given
that they
don't want their precious brands
tarnished
by the likes of a size 16.
This message is for more
accessible designers.
It's time to step up to the
plate.
Furthermore, why aren't
retailers demanding
that this be done?
The retailers have plenty of
leverage, as
in: Marc Jacobs, if you want to
continue to
own the current space that you
have in our
store, then we also need
clothing for our
larger market; 14-plus is now
the shape of
women in this nation, and
designers need to
wrap their creative minds around
that.
I profoundly believe that women
of every size
can look great.
And in this time of
inclusiveness, why should
80 million women be
marginalized?
Designers, make it work.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Hear, hear.
It's about time.
Coming up later tonight on PBS:
Reporters
who have been on the campaign
trail from day
one take stock of the race with
just 11 days
left.
That's on tonight on "Washington
Week."
On "PBS NewsHour" Saturday:
There is a new
wave of manufacturing in South
Carolina, but
are the jobs good for workers?
I'm Judy -- that's the
"NewsHour" for tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you, and good night.